Storybook docs (#5552)
bitwarden/clients: libs/components/src/progress/progress.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Primary, Controls } from "@storybook/addon-docs";

import * as stories from "./progress.stories";

<Meta of={stories} />

# Progress

Progress indicators may be used to visually indicate progress or to visually measure some other
value, such as a password strength indicator.

<Primary />
<Controls />

## Labels

Always display a label to provide a text based description of what the indicator is measuring. This
allows those who may not be familiar with the pattern to be able to read and digest the information.
It also allows assistive technology to accurately describe the indicator to those who may be unable
to see part or all of the indicator.

<Story of={stories.Full} />

## Text label

When measuring something other than progress, such as password strength, update the label to fit the
context of the implementation.

<Story of={stories.CustomText} />

> &nbsp;{" "}

Reviewer: And reason to have this?

Author: Yes, for some reason the h3 is not rendering with space above it without the `&nbsp;{" "}`
<img width="1031" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-26 at 10 19 28 AM" src="https://github.com/bitwarden/clients/assets/43477473/02b3e94d-0582-45df-bc20-8ab39d84fc74">

### Strength indicator styles

For a strength indicator use the following styles for fill:

- **Weak:** `danger-500`
- **Weak2:** `warning-500`
- **Good:** `primary-500`
- **Strong:** `success-500`

## Accessibility

Be sure to include the proper `aria-valuemin`, `aria-valuemax`, and `aria-valuenow` attributes. An
a`ria-valuetext` should also be configurable to include the text a screen reader should read to the
user.

> In the case of a password strength indicator; `aria-describedb`y should be used and should point to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of a password strength indicator; `aria-describedby` should be used and should point to
```

Reviewer: Should we rewrite this to be in the present tense, essentially describe that the component uses instead of should.
